I
hi everyone tonight I'm going to be
making salmon and shrimp sushi for the
first time here's the meat as you can
see there's a salmon on the left and the
shrimp on the right i have about enough
salmon for six pieces of sushi and nine
shrimp so i'm just going to get started
cutting the salmon and preparing the
shrimp here we go ok i prepare the
salmon in the shrimp what I've done is
I've cut the salmon 26 bite-sized pieces
and the shrimp I've basically deveined
cut down the belly side and flattened
place on top of the rice and that's the
next step placing the sushi on top of
the rice so the little wasabi in between
well now the rice is prepared we've got
some wasabi out soy sauce ready and
we're ready to start making the sushi
here we go okay we've got a little rice
ball ready then you basically take the
salmon put some with sabe on underneath
side skin side little piece of salmon
then you just press it right on top
here we go and next trip so here's the
shrimp like we just sit with the salmon
and put a little wasabi on the belly
side of the shrimp and you guys screw
you crush it right down over nice little
piece shrimp sushi hola and there you
have it this is how it looks when it's
all done Sam in the shrimp have some
wasabi and soy sauce on the right to dip
it in and some fresh-made and miso soup
on the left I like to eat it with
zooming in a little bit six piece of
salmon nine piece of shrimp the
condiments wasabi and soy sauce swimming
over here's my fresh bowl of miso soup
that I just made some seaweed some green
onions and tofu and ready to eat okay I
hope you enjoy my video